inhabitants of the planet gamer as it
find in today's day
welcome a new dragon gameplay
Moccero see if I'm with him if I want q
because you are not in you came a shower
This is the saying that I am with the pitcher
Goku because this time we're going to
teach or I'll give them a small tip
how you get the Shenzhou essence
that is something that goku will ask for
those who are doing the mastery
or that they want to do in some future
they are going to ask for the license is in their and
it's pretty simple to get so
easy as you're going to buy it at
store objects or you get it from the
same way as the dragon spheres
how do you get dragon spheres
Well, if you get into the channel, you're going to
prepare with a video how to get
absolutely all the spheres of
dragon
in the same way you get the
spheres get sciences in their or
at least that's how I get it and I do not
I understand
in fact when I did the master's degree with
happened it already had the essences in its and ni
so even I know but if you did not
you have I recommend you better the
shopping in the store because it's much more
easy to encourage the parties to
death against in the so- and-so
appear in the temple of kamisama is
much simpler and it suits you
more is better for you to finish fast
mastery with goku and the sooner
the faster you're going to give these
super techniques no more vibrant and
Super technical quality technique number
one also the goal by ten or more
technique number 2
let yourself come there is the elusive good my
wait mode the lady people are not
can teach but that was the amount
he got more safe you
I'm going to finish the energy if I continue
playing so good and this is the other the
super kamehameha that as you can see
low enough blood if it is and more 7
teams with the zeta soul of or because it's
in what if the zeta soul say q in what
that does make your techniques more powerful
that they teach you so I recommend you
you have that that mastery like
Kuwait and passion that we were not
blaming the funny guy
Leave me alone
the legs look nothing else nothing else is ego
q put their bows but I know q
I 'm not afraid of you, I'm not afraid of you
you know why because I'm level 80 and
you are also but aouate we go more
back there and the auction and we load
the kinky lady to see if now if you
we give come i come that is everything is asked
how much blood do you go to that
amount to what I did not expect you to
you were going to recover so fast but what
good that you recover you fast so you
I can do another entity, let's go well
look look at that it's quiet quiet
quiet, it was unintentional
one of those that has a ticket so that
so you do not feel successful if you take if
is that his goku techniques are not
then you have to know how to avoid
he knows how to dodge perfectly well
let's go let's go
23 now I want to kill you let me kill you
let me kill you goku I'm not interested in what
you have to tell me I do not want to go to
eat with you well is map and
come back if it does not hit you until the
first back you have another chance to
I did her class
mediocrity that mediocrity look at me gives me
the of in what if again crystals of
guards and buds census that's the magic
the magic of dragon boat I hope that
they have served the video and if they liked it
if they stayed until the end of the video
Well, do not forget to leave your
comment at the bottom of leave
its like that it serves me very much believe me
that helps me a lot to continue
uploading more dragon ball content and
of any other game that you guys
ask and they asked me for the dragon series
ball so wait for the same
week that I will be uploading the series
from scratch of dragon ball with another
character I'm not going to wear a sayayin I'm going to
use another one because then with the sayayin already
I taught them how to peel or call them
sayayin combos but I do not know the
combos of the other races then I'm going to
use a different race to
to start from scratch completely without
know combos and without knowing absolutely
nothing so I see them next
boys see you guys
bye